Yoshino
A large area in southern Nara, Yoshino is best known for the mountain there of the same name.It is also renowned as a 
spring destination when over 30,000 cherry trees color the mountain and surrounding area pink. The best places to see 
cherry blossoms and bright autumn leaves are from Yoshimizu-jinja Shrine and Hanayagura Observatory, which offer 
sweeping vistas.

While Mt. Yoshino and Yoshinoyama town can become crowded in cherry blossom season, there are some quiet places to enjoy
the blooms. Yoshino Mikumari-jinja Shrine, near the top of the mountain, has a beautiful garden with a weeping cherry tree.

In summer, the area is busy with Shugendo practitioners. These mountain ascetics stress physical endurance as a path to
enlightenment. They gather at Kinpusen-ji Temple before journeying over to Mt. Omine. In autumn you can see the three
spectacular, 1300-year-old blue skinned Zao Gongen statues at the temple.

While the whole mountain is nature’s garden, Chikurin-in Temple & Garden offers a man-made version of natural beauty,
designed by the famous tea master Sen-no-Rikyu. Spring is an especially splendid time to visit, when the weeping cherry 
blossom trees are at their finest.

One of the best ways to take in the beauty of the region is to relax in an outdoor hot spring. Yoshinoyama is dotted with
traditional ryokan and hot spring hotels, and certain of those like Yumoto Honoya also offer non-staying guests use of
their bathing facilities for a fee. Some places even serve sake in the onsen.



Nara park
Alongside Naramachi and Nishinokyo, Nara Park is one of the must-see areas in Nara City. The vast area covers 660 hectares
and is renowned for its free-roaming deer and world famous temples. Feeding the deer is an attraction in itself and special
crackers are on sale all around the park. For human refreshments, there are traditional tea houses as well as kiosks
selling snacks and souvenirs.

Todaiji Temple with its 15m high Buddha is the most prestigious of Nara's seven great temples and draws a steady stream
of visitors. Enter by passing through Nandaimon Gate to get a look at its two 8-meter tall guardian figures with
Herculean physiques. Behind the temple, Nigatsudo has lovely views of the city.

On the opposite side of the park from Todaiji, but connected by a pathway from Nigatsudo is Kasugataisha Shrine. The
vermillion and white shrine buildings are festooned with beautiful brass lanterns, lit twice a year in winter and summer.
The shrine is also famous for wisteria flowers that bloom in May.

Towards Naramachi and away from the crowds, Isuien is a beautiful example of traditional garden design. It comprises a
formal garden with stepping stones and a large strolling garden using the classical concept of borrowed scenery. The
original villas and tea houses now offer meals. Designed for all seasons, the gardens are especially beautiful in autumn.

Kohfukuji National Treasure Hall, a stone's throw from Isuien, is another key Nara Park venue, renowned for its collection
of Buddhist carvings by master carvers like Unkei of the Kamakura period. Some of the priest figures are unnervingly
realistic. The view from Sarusawa Pond across to Kohfukuji Temple’s pagoda is also a must-see.

For more culture, check out Nara National Museum, which primarily displays Japanese Buddhist art. Even if pressed for time,
the museum constructed in 1889 is worth a quick visit for a glimpse of its facade. Along with Nara Hotel, the museum's
main building is a classic piece of Meiji period architecture.

When in need of a break from sightseeing, and for unspoiled vistas over the city and its surrounds, walk one of the
trails through Mt. Kasuga Primeval Forest, a sacred forest awarded World Heritage status. There are courses of various
lengths but the best views are from the peak of Mt. Wakakusa. Certain sightseeing buses also include Mt. Wakakusa and
lookout points along the scenic Nara Okuyama Driveway on their routes.



Imaicho
Imaicho is a compact, beautifully preserved Edo period merchant town. Strolling its narrow streets is like wandering through
an open museum of living history. It makes for the perfect outing and can be combined with visits to other attractions in
the wider Kashihara area. Kashihara Jingu Shrine is a must-see, and easily reached by rent-a-cycle.

The well-preserved district is filled with the kind of houses and shops you would expect to see in a Japanese period drama.
One such shop is Kawai Sake Brewery, a family-run brewery. Although you can’t tour the factory itself, they offer free tastings in the historic building which was also the family home.

Some houses such as Imai Machiya Museum, restored to its original appearance after years of neglect, are free to explore and have volunteer guides on hand. For maps and local information, Imai Machinami Exchange Center Hanairaka is a great place to start.

Cafes and restaurants in the area tend to serve Japanese fare. For something more familiar, Tama, a modern locavore French eatery is an excellent choice. The food is sophisticated and elegantly presented. Housed in a converted machiya townhouse, the venue is light and airy during the day with a more romantic vibe at night.

Not far from Imaicho town, Kashihara Jingu Shrine is said to be the site of the palace of Japan’s first Emperor, Jimmu, in 660 BC. Look out for the three legged crow symbols and amulets here; the mythical Yatagarasu is said to have led Jimmu safely through the mountains to this area.